SEOImageUpdates: User Story 1463880, Small PR 3 (#12339)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-obtain-font-metrics.md

>  The following illustration shows the various metrics.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following illustration shows the various metrics:
```

>  ![Illustration of various font metrics](./media/how-to-obtain-font-metrics/various-font-metrics.png "Illustration of various font metrics")  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Illustration of font metrics: ascent, descent, and line spacing.](./media/how-to-obtain-font-metrics/various-font-metrics.png)  
```

  
## Example  
 The following example displays the metrics for the regular style of the Arial font family. The code also creates a <xref:System.Drawing.Font> object (based on the Arial family) with size 16 pixels and displays the metrics (in pixels) for that particular <xref:System.Drawing.Font> object.  
  

>  The following illustration shows the output of the example code.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following illustration shows the output of the example code:
```

>  ![Example code output of Arial font](./media/how-to-obtain-font-metrics/example-output-code-arial-font.png "Example code output of Arial font")  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Example code output of Arial font metrics.](./media/how-to-obtain-font-metrics/example-output-code-arial-font.png)  
```

  
 Note the first two lines of output in the preceding illustration. The <xref:System.Drawing.Font> object returns a size of 16, and the <xref:System.Drawing.FontFamily> object returns an em height of 2,048. These two numbers (16 and 2,048) are the key to converting between font design units and the units (in this case pixels) of the <xref:System.Drawing.Font> object.  
  
 For example, you can convert the ascent from design units to pixels as follows:  
  

>  ![Example of converting from design units to pixels](./media/how-to-obtain-font-metrics/convert-font-units-example.png "Example of converting from design units to pixels")  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Formula showing the conversion from design units to pixels](./media/how-to-obtain-font-metrics/convert-font-units-example.png)  
```
